fix: renderToString function not render properly nested slots when they are components (#13432)
withastro/astro: .changeset/wide-carrots-dream.md

---

> 'astro': minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'astro': patch
```

---

> Fix an issue when renderToString function not render properly nested slots when they are components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix an issue in the Container API, where the `renderToString` function doesn't render adequately nested slots when they are components.
```
